# transaction.payment_failed - Paddle Developer

**Source:** https://developer.paddle.com/webhooks/transactions/transaction-payment-failed

---

- Overview
[Overview](/webhooks/overview)
- How-to
- Create a notification destination
[Create a notification destination](/webhooks/notification-destinations)
- Handle webhook delivery
[Handle webhook delivery](/webhooks/respond-to-webhooks)
- Verify signatures
[Verify signatures](/webhooks/signature-verification)
- Simulate webhooks
[Simulate webhooks](/webhooks/test-webhooks)
- Scenarios
- Subscription created
[Subscription created](/webhooks/scenarios/subscription-created)
- Subscription renewed
[Subscription renewed](/webhooks/scenarios/subscription-renewed)
- Subscription paused
[Subscription paused](/webhooks/scenarios/subscription-paused)
- Subscription resumed
[Subscription resumed](/webhooks/scenarios/subscription-resumed)
- Subscription canceled
[Subscription canceled](/webhooks/scenarios/subscription-canceled)
- Notifications
- Addresses
- Adjustments
- API keys
- API key exposures
- Businesses
- Client-side tokens
- Customers
- Discounts
- Discount groups
- Payment methods
- Payouts
- Prices
- Products
- Reports
- Subscriptions
- Transactionstransaction.billedtransaction.canceledtransaction.completedtransaction.createdtransaction.paidtransaction.past_duetransaction.payment_failedtransaction.readytransaction.revisedtransaction.updated
- transaction.billed
[transaction.billed](/webhooks/transactions/transaction-billed)
- transaction.canceled
[transaction.canceled](/webhooks/transactions/transaction-canceled)
- transaction.completed
[transaction.completed](/webhooks/transactions/transaction-completed)
- transaction.created
[transaction.created](/webhooks/transactions/transaction-created)
- transaction.paid
[transaction.paid](/webhooks/transactions/transaction-paid)
- transaction.past_due
[transaction.past_due](/webhooks/transactions/transaction-past-due)
- transaction.payment_failed
[transaction.payment_failed](/webhooks/transactions/transaction-payment-failed)
- transaction.ready
[transaction.ready](/webhooks/transactions/transaction-ready)
- transaction.revised
[transaction.revised](/webhooks/transactions/transaction-revised)
- transaction.updated
[transaction.updated](/webhooks/transactions/transaction-updated)

## transaction.payment_failed

[transaction.payment_failed](/webhooks/transactions/transaction-payment-failed#transaction.payment_failed)

Occurs when a payment fails for a transaction. Thepaymentsarray is updated with details of the payment attempt.


Typically happens for automatically-collected transactions, but may occur for manually-collected transactions(invoices) where a customer pays using Paddle Checkout and their payment is declined.


If related to a subscription renewal:

- The transaction status changes topast_dueandtransaction.past_dueoccurs.
[transaction.past_due](/webhooks/transactions/transaction-past-due)
- The related subscription status changes topast_dueandsubscription.past_dueoccurs.
[subscription.past_due](/webhooks/subscriptions/subscription-past-due)

Manually-collected transactions are marked aspast_duewhen the payment terms have elapsed.


Unique Paddle ID for this event, prefixed withevt_.


Type of event sent by Paddle, in the formatentity.event_type.


RFC 3339 datetime string of when this event occurred.


New or changed entity.


Unique Paddle ID for this transaction entity, prefixed withtxn_.


Status of this transaction. You may set a transaction tobilledorcanceled, other statuses are set automatically by Paddle. Automatically-collected transactions may returncompletedif payment is captured successfully, orpast_dueif payment failed.


Paddle ID of the customer that this transaction is for, prefixed withctm_.


Paddle ID of the address that this transaction is for, prefixed withadd_.


Paddle ID of the business that this transaction is for, prefixed withbiz_.


Your own structured key-value data.


Supported three-letter ISO 4217 currency code. Must beUSD,EUR, orGBPifcollection_modeismanual.


Describes how this transaction was created.


Paddle ID of the subscription that this transaction is for, prefixed withsub_.


Paddle ID of the invoice that this transaction is related to, prefixed withinv_. Used for compatibility with the Paddle Invoice API, which is now deprecated. This field is scheduled to be removed in the next version of the Paddle API.


Invoice number for this transaction. Automatically generated by Paddle when you mark a transaction asbilledwherecollection_modeismanual.


How payment is collected for this transaction.automaticfor checkout,manualfor invoices.


Paddle ID of the discount applied to this transaction, prefixed withdsc_.


Details for invoicing. Required ifcollection_modeismanual.


Time period that this transaction is for. Set automatically by Paddle for subscription renewals to describe the period that charges are for.


List of items on this transaction. For calculated totals, usedetails.line_items.


Calculated totals for a transaction, including proration, discounts, tax, and currency conversion. Considered the source of truth for totals on a transaction.


List of payment attempts for this transaction, including successful payments. Sorted bycreated_atin descending order, so most recent attempts are returned first.


Paddle Checkout details for this transaction. Returned for automatically-collected transactions and wherebilling_details.enable_checkoutistruefor manually-collected transactions;nullotherwise.


RFC 3339 datetime string of when this entity was created. Set automatically by Paddle.


RFC 3339 datetime string of when this entity was updated. Set automatically by Paddle.


RFC 3339 datetime string of when this transaction was marked asbilled.nullfor transactions that aren'tbilledorcompleted. Set automatically by Paddle.


RFC 3339 datetime string of when a transaction was revised. Revisions describe an update to customer information for a billed or completed transaction.nullif not revised. Set automatically by Paddle.


Unique Paddle ID for this notification, prefixed withntf_.


```json
12345678910111213141516171819201{
2  "event_id": "evt_01hv8wx4vr9w6zsv6xss0b8az9",
3  "event_type": "transaction.payment_failed",
4  "occurred_at": "2024-04-12T10:16:00.120972Z",
5  "notification_id": "ntf_01hv8wx4ywcj8pptnpeq1rrvzm",
6  "data": {
7    "id": "txn_01hv8wptq8987qeep44cyrewp9",
8    "items": [
9      {
10        "price": {
11          "id": "pri_01gsz8x8sawmvhz1pv30nge1ke",
12          "name": "Monthly (per seat)",
13          "type": "standard",
14          "status": "active",
15          "quantity": {
16            "maximum": 999,
17            "minimum": 1
18          },
19          "tax_mode": "account_setting",
20          "created_at": "2023-02-23T13:55:22.538367Z",

```


---

*Last scraped: 2025-12-15 20:14:12*
