# Revise a billed or completed transaction - Paddle Developer

**Source:** https://developer.paddle.com/api-reference/transactions/revise-transaction

---

- Overview
[Overview](/api-reference/overview)
- Authentication
- Authentication
[Authentication](/api-reference/about/authentication)
- Permissions
[Permissions](/api-reference/about/permissions)
- Manage API keys
[Manage API keys](/api-reference/about/api-keys)
- Rotate API keys
[Rotate API keys](/api-reference/about/rotate-api-keys)
- Core concepts
- Versioning
[Versioning](/api-reference/about/versioning)
- Paddle IDs
[Paddle IDs](/api-reference/about/paddle-ids)
- Data types
[Data types](/api-reference/about/data-types)
- Custom data
[Custom data](/api-reference/about/custom-data)
- Rate limiting
[Rate limiting](/api-reference/about/rate-limiting)
- Query & retrieval
- Default scopes
[Default scopes](/api-reference/about/default-scopes)
- Related entities
[Related entities](/api-reference/about/include-entities)
- Filter and sort
[Filter and sort](/api-reference/about/filter-search-sort)
- Pagination
[Pagination](/api-reference/about/pagination)
- Response handling
- Success responses
[Success responses](/api-reference/about/success-responses)
- Errors
[Errors](/api-reference/about/errors)
- Entity management
- Work with lists
[Work with lists](/api-reference/about/lists)
- Delete entities
[Delete entities](/api-reference/about/delete-archive-entities)
- Entities
- Products
- Prices
- Discounts
- Discount groups
- Customers
- Addresses
- Businesses
- Payment methods
- Customer portal sessions
- TransactionsTransaction objectList transactionsgetCreate a transactionpostGet a transactiongetUpdate a transactionpatchPreview a transactionpostGet a PDF invoice for a transactiongetRevise a billed or completed transactionpost
- Transaction object
[Transaction object](/api-reference/transactions/overview)
- List transactionsget
[List transactions](/api-reference/transactions/list-transactions)
- Create a transactionpost
[Create a transaction](/api-reference/transactions/create-transaction)
- Get a transactionget
[Get a transaction](/api-reference/transactions/get-transaction)
- Update a transactionpatch
[Update a transaction](/api-reference/transactions/update-transaction)
- Preview a transactionpost
[Preview a transaction](/api-reference/transactions/preview-transaction)
- Get a PDF invoice for a transactionget
[Get a PDF invoice for a transaction](/api-reference/transactions/get-invoice-pdf)
- Revise a billed or completed transactionpost
[Revise a billed or completed transaction](/api-reference/transactions/revise-transaction)
- Subscriptions
- Adjustments
- Pricing preview
- Client-side tokens
- Reports
- Event types
- Events
- Notification settings
- Notifications
- Notification logs
- Simulation types
- Simulations
- Simulation runs
- Simulation run events

## Revise customer information on a billed or completed transaction

[Revise customer information on a billed or completed transaction](/api-reference/transactions/revise-transaction#revise-customer-information-on-a-billed-or-completed-transaction)

Revises customer information for a billed or completed transaction.


Revise a transaction to rectify incorrect customer, address, or business information on invoice documents generated by Paddle.


You can revise transaction details that don't impact the tax rates on a transaction. This includes:

- Customer name
- Business name and tax or VAT number (tax_identifier)
- Address details, apart from the country

You can't remove a valid tax or VAT number, only replace it with another valid one. If a valid tax or VAT number is added, Paddle automatically creates an adjustment to refund any tax where applicable.


Transactions can only be revised once.


If successful, your response includes a copy of the transaction entity.Get a transactionusing theincludeparameter with thecustomer,address, andbusinessvalues to see the revised customer information.

[Get a transaction](/api-reference/transactions/get-transaction)

Only the customer information for this transaction is updated. The related customer, address, and business entities aren't updated.

[Read more](/build/sell/transactions/revise-transaction-customer-details)
[Read more](/build/transactions/create-transaction-adjustments)

### Path Parameters

[Path Parameters](/api-reference/transactions/revise-transaction#path-parameters)

Paddle ID of the transaction entity to work with.


### Request Body

[Request Body](/api-reference/transactions/revise-transaction#request-body)

Revised customer information for this transaction.


Revised name of the customer for this transaction.


Revised business information for this transaction.


Revised name of the business for this transaction.


Revised tax or VAT number for this transaction. You can't remove a valid tax or VAT number, only replace it with another valid one. Paddle automatically creates an adjustment to refund any tax where applicable.


Revised address information for this transaction.


Revised first line of the address for this transaction.


Revised second line of the address for this transaction.


Revised city of the address for this transaction.


Revised state, county, or region of the address for this transaction.


### Response

[Response](/api-reference/transactions/revise-transaction#response)

Represents a transaction entity.


Unique Paddle ID for this transaction entity, prefixed withtxn_.


Status of this transaction. You may set a transaction tobilledorcanceled, other statuses are set automatically by Paddle. Automatically-collected transactions may returncompletedif payment is captured successfully, orpast_dueif payment failed.


Paddle ID of the customer that this transaction is for, prefixed withctm_.


Paddle ID of the address that this transaction is for, prefixed withadd_.


Paddle ID of the business that this transaction is for, prefixed withbiz_.


Your own structured key-value data.


Supported three-letter ISO 4217 currency code. Must beUSD,EUR, orGBPifcollection_modeismanual.


Describes how this transaction was created.


Paddle ID of the subscription that this transaction is for, prefixed withsub_.


Paddle ID of the invoice that this transaction is related to, prefixed withinv_. Used for compatibility with the Paddle Invoice API, which is now deprecated. This field is scheduled to be removed in the next version of the Paddle API.


Invoice number for this transaction. Automatically generated by Paddle when you mark a transaction asbilledwherecollection_modeismanual.


How payment is collected for this transaction.automaticfor checkout,manualfor invoices.


Paddle ID of the discount applied to this transaction, prefixed withdsc_.


Details for invoicing. Required ifcollection_modeismanual.


Time period that this transaction is for. Set automatically by Paddle for subscription renewals to describe the period that charges are for.


List of items on this transaction. For calculated totals, usedetails.line_items.


Calculated totals for a transaction, including proration, discounts, tax, and currency conversion. Considered the source of truth for totals on a transaction.


List of payment attempts for this transaction, including successful payments. Sorted bycreated_atin descending order, so most recent attempts are returned first.


Paddle Checkout details for this transaction. Returned for automatically-collected transactions and wherebilling_details.enable_checkoutistruefor manually-collected transactions;nullotherwise.


RFC 3339 datetime string of when this entity was created. Set automatically by Paddle.


RFC 3339 datetime string of when this entity was updated. Set automatically by Paddle.


RFC 3339 datetime string of when this transaction was marked asbilled.nullfor transactions that aren'tbilledorcompleted. Set automatically by Paddle.


RFC 3339 datetime string of when a transaction was revised. Revisions describe an update to customer information for a billed or completed transaction.nullif not revised. Set automatically by Paddle.


Information about this response.


Unique ID for the request relating to this response. Provide this when contacting Paddle support about a specific request.


```json
12345678910111{
2  "customer": {
3    "name": "Sam Miller"
4  },
5  "business": {
6    "tax_identifier": "AB0123456789"
7  },
8  "address": {
9    "first_line": "3811 Ditmars Blvd"
10  }
11}
```


```json

```


---

*Last scraped: 2025-12-15 20:24:59*
